let's football is it resumes here today
at Notre Dame Stadium
carnies kick is a high one Tanner takes
it in the end zone and he'll bring it
out fumble football better name has the
football inside the five turn at the to
fake it he's going to get outside
touchdown
play-action Steve's got some time the
screen is set up to stamms and spams
picks his way across the 40 out to the
44 yard line
that is the best piece of running that
we have seen at a Frank's there her line
will keep the football he will run it
touchdown
Crutcher misdirection nowhere
outstanding defense that time Cedric
Figaro saw that play comin and stayed
with it he's 5 of 9 on the year in field
goals with a long of 47 the kick is up
and it is no good fly to the left 26
yard attempt it is up it is good and
once again a nice job that time by
Carney had to delay for just a second
fourth and four
Kennedy Pola does not get at Steve
Lawrence the big cat along with Troy
Wilson an excellent excellent defensive
play by Eric Dorsey who busted through
his blocker disrupted the play and
nothing gets the ball emanuelle he got
stacked up Jeff I don't think he got it
he did not he lost the yard there
marking the ball in the 45 and Notre
Dame Andrew Zach in the lineup now his
pass is complete to heck that heck gets
across the 35 out of the 33 yard line
Jerome Tyler on the stop stam's
still on his feet touchdown Notre Dame
the pass is intercepted by Pat ballot
balus brings it down to the 15-yard line
snap a little high it's down the kick is
up and it is good
Brown a yard deep in the end zone brings
it out tries to get along the sideline
gets across the 20 up to the 22 yard
line
Jeff marine brought him down for USC
Crutcher fumble football and it is
Nutter Dan football
Marv Spence with the recovery kick is up
and it is good there's a time of the
lift Emanuel slashes his way
fumble football again and this time the
Irish have it
Steve Lawrence play action and Razak
passes it in the end zone touchdown to
Joe Williams
you
after three quarters Notre Dame has 14
first downs 165 rushing yards and the
Irish have passed for 111 yards
the kick is up it has the distance and
it is good so the Trojans are on the
scoreboard when these two teams get
together nothing is ever certain now if
there was like a minute left in the game
this would be certain it isn't certainly
USC go ahead time to get back in this
ball game
Zack we were distracted momentarily
there you lost your train of thought as
did I'm sure just about everyone
watching